When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

When working with different people on a project you would like everybody to have access to the repository by having it in github

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

Same as commiting, it is more convinient to have a pull when you completed a logical  unit, say feature or fix.

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

branches are created for different features or flavors of the same project, as per clones is copying the whole repository either locally or from github to our computer. Forking is the process of cloning a repository inside github, in which we can work and develop.

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

you can make changes offline and then verify any new changes added by other contributors remotely 


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

you would need to send pieces of your changes to other peers, and after reviewing they will incorporated the changes or request a modification if anything is wrong.. easier would be the use of Git and Github!

You just saw that the workflow when making changes in a separate branch is more complicated than working directly in master, especially when you need to stay up-to-date with changes others are making. Rather than simply pulling and pushing, you need to pull changes into your local master branch, merge the local master into your branch (different-oil, in our case), then push your branch to the remote before finally merging your branch into master, either locally or on GitHub.


When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?
When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master?  What benefits does each approach have?

Master is your production branch where everything works, when you want to add a feature or create a different version you would add a branch,  you would like to make changes directly on master localy, and on the branch in github, so you can create a pull request that the team could check.
